welcome to the League of Legends
champion spotlight featuring Nautilus
the Titan of the depths Nautilus is a
beefy melee tank adapted disrupting
enemies initiating fights and growing as
a damage threat to walls opponents
additionally his ability to jungle or
fight in a variety of lanes makes them
an excellent addition to any team
Nautilus is passive is staggering blow
Nautilus is basic attacks deal bonus
damage and briefly route his target in
place staggering blow can only affect a
single champion once every few seconds
but Nautilus can switch targets to hit
multiple enemies in succession dredge
line sends out a skill-shot nuke that
stops in the first enemy or terrain it
hits upon hitting an enemy it deals
damage while both his target and
Nautilus are pulled together
if Nautilus hits terrain instead he is
pulled to that location and the cooldown
is much lower dredge line functions as a
great initiation mobility and escape
tool thankfully it fills these roles
quite well even with only one point so I
take a rank and dredge line early but
max at last
Titans wrath places a damage blocking
shield on Nautilus for a few seconds
while the shield holds Nautilus his
basic attacks I play a large damage
overtime effect to his target and all
surrounding enemies Titans wrath deals
the most damage of any of Nautilus
abilities as long as it holds making him
extremely scary if ignored because of
this damage I take it at level 1 when
jungling make sure to take a second
point early and consider maxing it
somewhere between levels 9 and 13
Riptide explodes the area around
Nautilus in a growing ring damaging and
slowing enemies caught in these
explosions enemies can be hit in
multiple times by these explosion but
take a reduced damage by the additional
hits the use of Riptide is great to
damage and prevent the retreat of
running enemies especially because
they'll hit the expanding explosions as
they run as his primary disruption tool
I take a point early and consider maxing
it somewhere between levels 9 and 13
Nautilus is ultimate is depth charge
Nautilus fires a shock wave that chases
the targeted enemy and the enemies hit
by the shock wave as it travels are
damaged and knocked up once the shock
wave reaches its intended target
he takes even more damage in his
so stunned generally Nautilus will want
to aim at a target far in the back the
damage and disrupt the most enemies
possible as with all Ultimates I rank it
up at level 6 11 and 16 Nautilus is an
exceptional ganking jungler meaning that
you should always look for lanes that
you can gank seeing Sona and Caitlyn
overextended I push into bot Lane if you
can help it
save dredge line so I walk up and tag
sown with Riptide Titans wrath and
staggering blow now I tagged Caitlyn
with dredge line into staggering blow
she's forced to flash she doesn't want
to tank Riptide now in turret range I
leave her and wait in the brush in case
there are counter-attacks if your
opponents see you coming and run it's ok
to leave dredge line I head in and hit
Riptide I charged after the attack
Caitlyn with staggering blow allowing us
to kill her as I flash away from the
turret for the second kill I wander in
to take one more turret shot and then
run into the brush to recall this gives
graves enough time to take down Sona
before falling and we come out ahead 2
to 1
generally after finishing philosopher's
stone you should be able to rely on it
for mana regeneration once the ancient
golem responds ping and call over a
teammate to grab this buff keep track of
how much damage it's taking and once
you've gotten it low enough take a step
back stop attacking and receive endless
praise from your teammate one of the
best traits of dredge line is if you're
aiming for a champion against a wall
you're guaranteed to pull yourself
forward even if you miss I head to gank
Sona but she dodged his dredge line with
flash landing depth charge in the
staggering blow we pick up a quick kill
on Sona before retreating out of turret
range in teamfights do everything you
can to focus on squishy enemies near the
back I noticed I can just barely tag
Caitlyn with dredge line which gives her
cigs just enough space to land his combo
taking her down with ignite I popped
shurelya's reverie to get him back to
safety and notice the enemy's eggs now
available I turned a cow's depth charge
and dive straight for him Titans wrath
keeps me safe as I hit Riptide on every
single enemy kills eggs and flash to
safety between the damage and disruption
from Riptide while tanking all the
damage from our opponents my team also
cleans up to more use dredge lines
ability to hook terrain with a reduced
cooldown to chase running champions
here a running joke ah is sure to make
it away but I dredge line to the turret
dodge rupture walk past all the minions
and then tag cho'gath an immediate
Riptide at a staggering blow gives my
team just enough time to chase him down
and pick up the ACE in Dominion Nautilus
performs excellently with his team
landing a disruptive dredge line picks
up the kill on Ezreal and then as Lee
sin takes on Jax ahead up to stop Garen
and dr. moonda from assisting with
Riptide I head in to help kill Jax and
then stop Garen in his tracks with
staggering blow once they actually
turned to fight me I tank for a little
while and then use the terrain to easily
land a dredge line and pick up a health
relic the crystals scars close quarters
can also force you to take your time
here as we chase dr. mundo by the
refinery I have to wait to clear the
wall before tagging him a dredge line
this holds it in place long enough for
us to pick up the kill and continue our
offense for runes i take armor
penetration marks armor seals magic
resist per level glyphs and gold
generation quintessences in Dominion
about the gold generation quad essences
for movement speed the goal here is to
get very tanky while also dealing strong
early game damage through staggering
blow my masteries are zero 21:9 focusing
on being as tanky as possible plus
movement speed and cooldown reduction if
jungling you want to make sure to grab
reductions to minion damage and bladed
armor in defense plus increased neutral
buff duration and utility for summoner
spells smite and flash are great for
jungling when not jungling it's about
smite for heal in classic I want
tankiness and cooldown reduction
I take cloth armor and five health
potions to jungle I rush philosopher's
stone and heart of gold for extra gold
income grab ninja toffee or mercury
treads is required and expand to aegis
of the legion and shurelya's reverie
counter your opposition with items like
frozen heart force of nature and locket
of the iron Solari in Dominion you'll
have very similar build goals take
upgraded boots as quickly as possible
and add in similar items shurelya's
reverie frozen heart force of nature
frozen mallet and locket of the iron
Solari thanks for tuning in to the
Nautilus champion spotlight please
subscribe to the Riot Games
you channel above and don't forget to
thumbs us up just below the video
you